docs: add version pinning information to the README (#189)
docker/setup-buildx-action: README.md

See https://docs.docker.com/build/ci/github-actions/configure-builder/

## Version pinning

This action builds images using [buildx](https://github.com/docker/buildx) and
[BuildKit](https://github.com/moby/buildkit). The action will always attempt to

> use the latest versions of buildx (the build client) and buildkit (the build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use the latest versions of Buildx available on the GitHub Runner (the build client) and BuilmdKit (the build
```
